Document saving calendars to files (#1343)
collective/icalendar: docs/how-to/usage.rst

Modify content
''''''''''''''

After loading the example file, edit it.

.. code:: pycon

    >>> calendar.calendar_name = "My Modified Calendar"  # modify

>     >>> print(calendar.to_ical()[:121])

Reviewer: Please revert these changes.

    NAME:My Modified Calendar

Save calendar to file
'''''''''''''''''''''

> Use :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.to_ical` to serialize the
> calendar, then write the bytes to a :file:`.ics` file.

Reviewer: I just realized that users might skip straight to this section, and not realize that it depends on the previous sections. This clarifies the flow.

```suggestion
Continuing from the previous sections, use :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.to_ical` to serialize the calendar, then write the bytes to a file.
```

> .. code:: pycon

Reviewer: This is correct syntax to use. It will run your Python console code as a test. If it fails, you'll need to adjust your code.

```suggestion
..  code-block:: pycon
```

Reviewer: Would you please address this fix? Thank you!

    >>> output_path = Path("modified-calendar.ics")
    >>> output_path.write_bytes(calendar.to_ical()) > 0
    True

>     >>> output_path.unlink()

Reviewer: Although this writes the file, and compares its size to zero, the reader might not want to delete it, but instead inspect it. Would you instead replace `output_path.unlink()` with a `file.read` and output the result?
